friends my name is Dan crevice ah you
can catch me at the guapa
on twitter this video is to show you how
you have to or how you will set up a
visual DJ Pro 7 with you set of see DJ
350 pioneer and I'm using my zone 22
mixer here and my laptop is the Dell
d630 which I think about in 2008 very
old but I'm using the Windows 7 as my
operating system but TSM let me just
quickly take you through of what you
basically need to get your system set it
up you got to need your USB cable
well this version this will have to be
connected directly to your CD j 315 in
this version at the back of your CD j
350 they support their put it into the
USB mode and once they're there it has
been set it up you can power on your you
need two cables for that you know the
first CD J and the second CD j player
then you have to plug both one into one
pot here and the other one is basically
at the back which is the base one this
I'm going to put on my my CD j the first
one is this one which I'm going to just
quickly switch on power on the second
one is to switch it on as well pour on
and once that it's on it's going to
start on your disco move that to your a
control mode press it up until it says
connect then move to the next one press
it on up until you say you see the
control mode it says connect here second
see DJ it says connect
okay remember your sound output you're
gonna need this RCA cables that will be
connected direct to your line in input
on your mixer and then the other CDJ
else what you're going to put your
o'clair cables in spirit to your mixer
okay then once you call your CD geez are
connected move to your laptop make sure
that you see this balloon here it says
you device is ready to be used
let me just quickly take you through on
what's happening here you see it says
your Pioneer CDJ 350 ready to use
Pioneer DDJ 350 ready to be used
okay if you don't see this sign I
suggest that you have to go to the
Pioneer website install this utility
here it says pioneer CDJ ISO setting
utility okay put it in downloaded on
pioneer or CDJ and also you can also
install the Pioneer driver just to make
sure that everything it's you know here
is your Pioneer CDJ driver my vision
it's one point two more being straight
along then now you have to open up your
they have to open up your visual DJ so
it's going to pop up in a minute not
connected I'm not sure what that means
but once you
Oh taggings are in order now you can
make sure that you plug almost
everything correctly let's just quickly
see this one here you see now once your
visual DJ it's open okay on your laptop
your CD geez they're gonna change
automatically they don't say anything
about the control mode connect okay
they are blank instead and then in your
settings for or in your configuration
for your visual DJ go to your
configurations go to your sound setup
okay and then once your edges on setup
make sure that you choose the correct or
here it is you choose pioneer number one
and then you have another joke you put
it in then make sure that you want
external mixer to sound cuts you choose
a number one it's pioneer CDJ 350 which
is one deck and the other one is another
deck okay then I choose to once I see
this I know that my son is correctly set
it up then apply that and then okay
alright and now moving into making sure
that my CD J so I can are connected to
the laptop the visual DJ you see this
button right here select push when I'm
moving this knob or in both directions
my song list will be displayed in this
manner okay let's just quickly try one
to play one song I haven't plucked in
the speakers but we should get some
sound I shall think let's see
god Andre load them in here together and
then on the other CDJ I sure think as
well I have loaded unreal element
together that now when you hit play here
on your CDJs cue and play it's going to
correspond correctly with your CD j
let's see what's happening I hit play
I sure hear some music coming out from
my headphones oh yes indeed they do I
can hear my music play and I shall think
your CD case will be set up we fall
together